README.md, before:

This application uses Google's [Polymer](https://www.polymer-project.org) web framwork and [elements](https://www.polymer-project.org/0.5/docs/elements/) (core and paper) to build a single page application (SPA) that utilizes ReSTful back end services.  The services are created in Spring, and use [Spring Security](http://projects.spring.io/spring-security), [Spring Session](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-session/), and [Spring Cloud](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-cloud).

It is based on a set of concepts laid out by Dave Syer in a series of articles (and samples) that specifically explore the security side of SPA apps.  The first post in the series is [here](https://github.com/dsyer/spring-security-angular).

##Contents

* `polymer-ui`: Application to host the Polymer app, and act as a Service Proxy
* `resource`: Simple ReSTful app to return JSON data
* `auth-server`: Simple OAuth2 server to use for testing

##Build / Run

The projects should build with maven, eg:

	mvn package

and are run as standard java applications:

	java -jar polymer-demo-ui-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar

The default is for the session profile to be active.  Change to oauth by changing the profile

	java -jar polymer-demo-ui-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar --spring.profiles.active=oauth

##Notes

OAuth has worked in the past, but is likely currently broken.  Consider it "experimental".  :-)

##Future direction

Provide a combined Session and OAuth solution so users can choose which to use to access an app.

Commit message:

update with message about Polymer 0.8

README.md, after:

##Update
Google has released Polymer 0.8 (Alpha), which is significantly different than the 0.5x (Dev Preview) release that this project is based on.  Unfortunately, as of this writing (early May), the core and paper elements have not been fully ported, and the chatter is that the team is waiting for a stable version of 0.8 before releasing anything.  I've begun updating the general structure, but am going to wait for a full refactor until at least the core elements are ready.

##Introduction

This application uses Google's [Polymer](https://www.polymer-project.org) web framwork and [elements](https://www.polymer-project.org/0.5/docs/elements/) (core and paper) to build a single page application (SPA) that utilizes ReSTful back end services.  The services are created in Spring, and use [Spring Security](http://projects.spring.io/spring-security), [Spring Session](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-session/), and [Spring Cloud](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-cloud).

It is based on a set of concepts laid out by Dave Syer in a series of articles (and samples) that specifically explore the security side of SPA apps.  The first post in the series is [here](https://github.com/dsyer/spring-security-angular).

##Contents

* `polymer-ui`: Application to host the Polymer app, and act as a Service Proxy
* `resource`: Simple ReSTful app to return JSON data
* `auth-server`: Simple OAuth2 server to use for testing

##Build / Run

The projects should build with maven, eg:

	mvn package

and are run as standard java applications:

	java -jar polymer-demo-ui-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar

The default is for the session profile to be active.  Change to oauth by changing the profile

	java -jar polymer-demo-ui-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar --spring.profiles.active=oauth

##Notes

OAuth has worked in the past, but is likely currently broken.  Consider it "experimental".  :-)

##Future direction

Provide a combined Session and OAuth solution so users can choose which to use to access an app.
